## Read me first

This project is licensed under both LGPLv3 and ASL 2.0. See file LICENSE for more details.

The current version is **0.2.0**. You can download a self contained jar with a main on
[Bintray](https://bintray.com/fge/maven/grappa-debugger/view).

### Compatibility notes

This project requires Java 8 and JavaFX 8; it has been developed using JDK 1.8u25 from Oracle.

It is recommended that you run this program with this very version; among other things, exception
handling requires on the default uncaught exception handler working correctly with JavaFX.
Apparently, this was not the case with earlier versions of JDK 8; unfortunately I don't know the
full details.

## What this is

This is a GUI application to debug parsers written with
[grappa](https://github.com/parboiled1/grappa).

It uses trace files generated by a parser runner originally developed for the next grappa iteration,
2.0.x. However, the parsing runner used to generate the trace files has been
[backported](https://github.com/fge/grappa-tracer-backport) to grappa 1.0.x and, by extension,
parboiled 1.1.x as well.

For those among you in the know: **this tracing parser does NOT require that parser classes be
annotated with `@BuildParseTree` in order to produce its trace files**.

## Features

The tracer will collect two elements (the input text and a list of tracing events) into a zip file.
This application will load such a zip file and will offer you several means of analyzing the parsing
process.

For more details, see [this wiki
page](https://github.com/fge/grappa-debugger/wiki/Quick-overview).

Future plans include:

* running a live debugging session of a parsing run;
* decompiling generated parsers.

